Adding DM0260_R1M0E0 design files, photos and README. (#293)
luxonis/depthai-hardware: DM0260_OAK-FFC-CBA/README.md

# DM0260_R1M0E0 Camera Board Assembly

[Documentation here](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/arducam.html#ffc-camera-modules)

![](Images/OAK-FFC-CBA_front.jpg)

# Overview
This repository contains open hardware designed by Luxonis. The DM0260 is a carrier board for the ArduCam camera modules, and is designed to be compatible with all [Modular Cameras](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/#modular-camera-designs) which are OAK-FFC-3P, OAK-FFC-4P and OAK-FFC-6P (more to come).

> The advantage of this new OAK-FFC-CBA design is that it can support various Compact Camera Modules from Arducam which are interfacing over standard 33-pin camera FPC. Supported cameras are listed [here](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/arducam.html#ffc-camera-modules) but you must exclude ones with M12 lens mount which are not officially supported due to different FPC lengths and mechanical restrictions as result of that.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of this new OAK-FFC-CBA design is that it can support various Compact Camera Modules from Arducam, which are interfacing over standard 33-pin camera FPC. Supported cameras are listed [here](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/arducam.html#ffc-camera-modules) but you must exclude ones with M12 lens mount which are not officially supported due to different FPC lengths and mechanical restrictions as result of that.    
```

> The advantage of this new OAK-FFC-CBA design is that it can support various Compact Camera Modules from Arducam which are interfacing over standard 33-pin camera FPC. Supported cameras are listed [here](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/arducam.html#ffc-camera-modules) but you must exclude ones with M12 lens mount which are not officially supported due to different FPC lengths and mechanical restrictions as result of that.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of this new OAK-FFC-CBA design is that it can support various Compact Camera Modules from Arducam which are interfacing over standard 33-pin camera FPC. Supported cameras are listed [here](https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/arducam.html#ffc-camera-modules) but you must exclude those with an M12 lens mount, which are not officially supported due to different FPC lengths and mechanical restrictions resulting from the mount.    
```

# Repository structure:
* `PCB` contains the packaged Altium project files
* `Docs` contains project output files
* `Images` contains graphics for readme and reference
* `3D Models` contains generated mechanical models for the board

# Key features
* 26 pin 0.5mm FFC interconnect to baseboard
* 33 pin interface supporting various camera modules from ArduCam
* 4-lane MIPI
* Aux/Control signals to camera module
* 3V3 power input via FFC
* On-board power generation for camera modules (two assembly variants covering all supported sensors in Luxonis products)
* Design files produced with Altium Designer 22

# Board layout & dimensions

Board outline is the same as for older versions of FFC **C**amera **B**oard **A**ssemblies so the dimensions are consequentially the same as well. 

Board layout designed in Altium designer can be found in the PCB subfolder.  

# Getting started  

> The 0.5mm pitch, 26-pin 15cm long FFC is included with each camera that is sold by Luxonis or any of its legal distributors. We are using on all our Modular camera boards a bottom-contact connector. The correct connection can be seen on below photos, please note the blue section on the FPC for correct orientation: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 0.5mm pitch, 26-pin 15cm long FFC is included with each camera that is sold by Luxonis or any of its legal distributors. We are using a bottom-contact connector on all our Modular camera boards. The correct connection can be seen on below photos, please note the blue section on the FPC for correct orientation: 
```
